# 1005
is_city = yes
add_core = B15
owner = B15
controller = B15

base_tax = 2
base_manpower = 2
base_production = 2

culture = culture_riverpaw
religion = religion_ancestral

hre = no
trade_goods = fish

discovered_by = tech_human
discovered_by = tech_darnassian
discovered_by = tech_thalassian
discovered_by = tech_vrykul
discovered_by = tech_orc
discovered_by = tech_ogre
discovered_by = tech_draenei
discovered_by = tech_troll
discovered_by = tech_goblin
discovered_by = tech_tauren
discovered_by = tech_aqir
discovered_by = tech_demonic
discovered_by = tech_satyr
discovered_by = tech_naga
discovered_by = tech_depths
discovered_by = tech_old_god
discovered_by = tech_scourge
discovered_by = tech_dragonkin
discovered_by = tech_undead
discovered_by = tech_gnoll
discovered_by = tech_centaur
discovered_by = tech_furbolg
discovered_by = tech_wolfvar
discovered_by = tech_gorloc
discovered_by = tech_kobold
discovered_by = tech_harpy
discovered_by = tech_quillboar
discovered_by = tech_titan
discovered_by = tech_elemental
discovered_by = tech_worgen
discovered_by = tech_arrakoa
discovered_by = tech_tuskarr
discovered_by = tech_pandaren
discovered_by = tech_mantid
discovered_by = tech_mogu
discovered_by = tech_yaungol
discovered_by = tech_ethereal
discovered_by = tech_gnome

# Beyond the Dark Portal
600.1.1 = {
owner = XXX
controller = XXX 
}

616.11.11 = {
owner = XXX
controller = XXX
 }

# The Third War
617.1.1 = {
owner = F11
controller = F11
add_core = F11
remove_core = B15
culture = culture_nerglish
religion = religion_old_gods
}

# Rise of the Qiraji
622.1.1 = { 
owner = A07
controller = A07 
add_core = A07
religion = religion_arcane
culture = culture_azerothian 
}

# The Burning Crusade
625.1.1 = { 
owner = F27
controller = F27
add_core = F27
remove_core = A07
}
