# 1676 Path of Conquest
is_city = no

base_tax = 3
base_manpower = 3
base_production = 3


culture = culture_fel_orc
religion = religion_fel

hre = no
trade_goods = army_supplies

discovered_by = tech_human
discovered_by = tech_darnassian
discovered_by = tech_thalassian
discovered_by = tech_vrykul
discovered_by = tech_orc
discovered_by = tech_ogre
discovered_by = tech_draenei
discovered_by = tech_troll
discovered_by = tech_goblin
discovered_by = tech_tauren
discovered_by = tech_aqir
discovered_by = tech_demonic
discovered_by = tech_satyr
discovered_by = tech_naga
discovered_by = tech_depths
discovered_by = tech_old_god
discovered_by = tech_scourge
discovered_by = tech_dragonkin
discovered_by = tech_undead
discovered_by = tech_gnoll
discovered_by = tech_centaur
discovered_by = tech_furbolg
discovered_by = tech_wolfvar
discovered_by = tech_gorloc
discovered_by = tech_kobold
discovered_by = tech_harpy
discovered_by = tech_quillboar
discovered_by = tech_titan
discovered_by = tech_elemental
discovered_by = tech_worgen
discovered_by = tech_arrakoa
discovered_by = tech_tuskarr
discovered_by = tech_pandaren
discovered_by = tech_mantid
discovered_by = tech_mogu
discovered_by = tech_yaungol
discovered_by = tech_ethereal
discovered_by = tech_gnome

# The Third War
617.1.1 = {
owner = B89
controller = B89
add_core =  B89
}

# The Frozen Throne
618.1.1 = {
owner = A93
controller = A93
add_core =  A93
remove_core = B89
culture = culture_blood_elf
religion = religion_arcane
}

# Rise of the Qiraji
622.1.1 = {
owner = B87
controller = B87
add_core =  B87
remove_core = A93
religion = religion_fel
}

