# 1808
is_city = yes

owner = F02
controller = F02
add_core = F02

base_tax = 4
base_manpower = 4
base_production = 4

culture = culture_golden_lotus
religion = religion_celestial

hre = no
trade_goods = artifacts

discovered_by = tech_human
discovered_by = tech_darnassian
discovered_by = tech_thalassian
discovered_by = tech_vrykul
discovered_by = tech_orc
discovered_by = tech_ogre
discovered_by = tech_draenei
discovered_by = tech_troll
discovered_by = tech_goblin
discovered_by = tech_tauren
discovered_by = tech_aqir
discovered_by = tech_demonic
discovered_by = tech_satyr
discovered_by = tech_naga
discovered_by = tech_depths
discovered_by = tech_old_god
discovered_by = tech_scourge
discovered_by = tech_dragonkin
discovered_by = tech_undead
discovered_by = tech_gnoll
discovered_by = tech_centaur
discovered_by = tech_furbolg
discovered_by = tech_wolfvar
discovered_by = tech_gorloc
discovered_by = tech_kobold
discovered_by = tech_harpy
discovered_by = tech_quillboar
discovered_by = tech_titan
discovered_by = tech_elemental
discovered_by = tech_worgen
discovered_by = tech_arrakoa
discovered_by = tech_tuskarr
discovered_by = tech_pandaren
discovered_by = tech_mantid
discovered_by = tech_mogu
discovered_by = tech_yaungol
discovered_by = tech_ethereal
discovered_by = tech_gnome

632.1.1 = { 
owner = E36
controller = E36
add_core = E36
remove_core = F02
culture = culture_tuskui 
}

