#1927 Scarlet Tower

is_city = yes 

add_core = A08
owner = A08
controller = A08

base_tax = 1 
manpower = 1

 
culture = culture_lordaeron
religion = religion_church_of_the_light
 
hre = no 
trade_goods = army_supplies


 
discovered_by = tech_human
discovered_by = tech_darnassian
discovered_by = tech_thalassian
discovered_by = tech_vrykul
discovered_by = tech_orc
discovered_by = tech_ogre
discovered_by = tech_draenei
discovered_by = tech_troll
discovered_by = tech_goblin
discovered_by = tech_tauren
discovered_by = tech_aqir
discovered_by = tech_demonic
discovered_by = tech_satyr
discovered_by = tech_naga
discovered_by = tech_depths
discovered_by = tech_old_god
discovered_by = tech_scourge
discovered_by = tech_dragonkin
discovered_by = tech_undead
discovered_by = tech_gnoll
discovered_by = tech_centaur
discovered_by = tech_furbolg
discovered_by = tech_wolfvar
discovered_by = tech_gorloc
discovered_by = tech_kobold
discovered_by = tech_harpy
discovered_by = tech_quillboar
discovered_by = tech_titan
discovered_by = tech_elemental
discovered_by = tech_worgen
discovered_by = tech_arrakoa
discovered_by = tech_tuskarr
discovered_by = tech_pandaren
discovered_by = tech_mantid
discovered_by = tech_mogu
discovered_by = tech_yaungol
discovered_by = tech_ethereal
discovered_by = tech_gnome

# The Frozen Throne
618.1.1 = { 
add_core = F16
owner = F16 
controller = F16
}

# Rise of the Qiraji
622.1.1 = { 
add_core = A22
remove_core = F16
remove_core = A08
religion = religion_scarlet_light
controller = A22
owner = A22 
}
