# 1988 Dreadmaul Rock
is_city = yes

base_tax = 4
base_manpower = 4
base_production = 4

owner = E26
controller = E26
add_core = E26
add_core = A30

culture = culture_fire
religion = religion_ragnaros

hre = no
trade_goods = dark_iron

discovered_by = tech_human
discovered_by = tech_darnassian
discovered_by = tech_thalassian
discovered_by = tech_vrykul
discovered_by = tech_orc
discovered_by = tech_ogre
discovered_by = tech_draenei
discovered_by = tech_troll
discovered_by = tech_goblin
discovered_by = tech_tauren
discovered_by = tech_aqir
discovered_by = tech_demonic
discovered_by = tech_satyr
discovered_by = tech_naga
discovered_by = tech_depths
discovered_by = tech_old_god
discovered_by = tech_scourge
discovered_by = tech_dragonkin
discovered_by = tech_undead
discovered_by = tech_gnoll
discovered_by = tech_centaur
discovered_by = tech_furbolg
discovered_by = tech_wolfvar
discovered_by = tech_gorloc
discovered_by = tech_kobold
discovered_by = tech_harpy
discovered_by = tech_quillboar
discovered_by = tech_titan
discovered_by = tech_elemental
discovered_by = tech_worgen
discovered_by = tech_arrakoa
discovered_by = tech_tuskarr
discovered_by = tech_pandaren
discovered_by = tech_mantid
discovered_by = tech_mogu
discovered_by = tech_yaungol
discovered_by = tech_ethereal
discovered_by = tech_gnome

# Fall of Stormwind
597.1.1 = {
owner = E98
controller = E98
add_core = E98
add_core = E99
culture = culture_firegut
religion = religion_geomancy
}

# Beyond the Dark Portal
600.1.1 = {
owner = E99
controller = E99
remove_core = E98
}
