# 2013
is_city = yes
add_core = A16
add_core = F04
owner = A16
controller = A16

base_tax = 3
base_manpower = 3
base_production = 3
 
culture = culture_arathi
religion = religion_church_of_the_light
 
hre = no 
trade_goods = army_supplies

discovered_by = tech_human
discovered_by = tech_darnassian
discovered_by = tech_thalassian
discovered_by = tech_vrykul
discovered_by = tech_orc
discovered_by = tech_ogre
discovered_by = tech_draenei
discovered_by = tech_troll
discovered_by = tech_goblin
discovered_by = tech_tauren
discovered_by = tech_aqir
discovered_by = tech_demonic
discovered_by = tech_satyr
discovered_by = tech_naga
discovered_by = tech_depths
discovered_by = tech_old_god
discovered_by = tech_scourge
discovered_by = tech_dragonkin
discovered_by = tech_undead
discovered_by = tech_gnoll
discovered_by = tech_centaur
discovered_by = tech_furbolg
discovered_by = tech_wolfvar
discovered_by = tech_gorloc
discovered_by = tech_kobold
discovered_by = tech_harpy
discovered_by = tech_quillboar
discovered_by = tech_titan
discovered_by = tech_elemental
discovered_by = tech_worgen
discovered_by = tech_arrakoa
discovered_by = tech_tuskarr
discovered_by = tech_pandaren
discovered_by = tech_mantid
discovered_by = tech_mogu
discovered_by = tech_yaungol
discovered_by = tech_ethereal
discovered_by = tech_gnome

598.1.1 = { 
owner = A41
controller = A41
add_core = A41
culture = culture_blackrock
religion = religion_fel 
}

# Beyond the Dark Portal
600.1.1 = { 
owner = A14
controller = A14
add_core = A14
remove_core = A41
remove_core = A16
culture = culture_kul_tiran
religion = religion_arcane 
}

# Cataclysm
631.1.1 = { 
remove_core = A14
owner = F04
controller = F04
}


