# 2174

is_city = yes

base_tax = 1
base_manpower = 1
base_production = 1

culture = culture_gurubashi
religion = religion_loa

hre = no
trade_goods = grain

discovered_by = tech_human
discovered_by = tech_darnassian
discovered_by = tech_thalassian
discovered_by = tech_vrykul
discovered_by = tech_orc
discovered_by = tech_ogre
discovered_by = tech_draenei
discovered_by = tech_troll
discovered_by = tech_goblin
discovered_by = tech_tauren
discovered_by = tech_aqir
discovered_by = tech_demonic
discovered_by = tech_satyr
discovered_by = tech_naga
discovered_by = tech_depths
discovered_by = tech_old_god
discovered_by = tech_scourge
discovered_by = tech_dragonkin
discovered_by = tech_undead
discovered_by = tech_gnoll
discovered_by = tech_centaur
discovered_by = tech_furbolg
discovered_by = tech_wolfvar
discovered_by = tech_gorloc
discovered_by = tech_kobold
discovered_by = tech_harpy
discovered_by = tech_quillboar
discovered_by = tech_titan
discovered_by = tech_elemental
discovered_by = tech_worgen
discovered_by = tech_arrakoa
discovered_by = tech_tuskarr
discovered_by = tech_pandaren
discovered_by = tech_mantid
discovered_by = tech_mogu
discovered_by = tech_yaungol
discovered_by = tech_ethereal
discovered_by = tech_gnome

# First War
592.1.1 = { 
	owner = A43
	controller = A43
	add_core = A43
	culture = culture_twilights_hammer
	religion = religion_fel 
}

# Beyond the Dark Portal
600.1.1 = { 
	owner = XXX
	controller = XXX 
}

# Warlords of Draenor
633.1.1 = { 
	owner = A48
	controller = A48
	add_core = A48
	culture = culture_horde
	religion = religion_ancestral 
}