# 2961 Forsaken Gate
is_city = yes 

add_core = A12
owner = A12
controller = A12

base_tax = 1
base_manpower = 2
base_production = 1

culture = culture_gilnean
religion = religion_church_of_the_light
 
hre = no 
trade_goods = salt

discovered_by = tech_human
discovered_by = tech_darnassian
discovered_by = tech_thalassian
discovered_by = tech_vrykul
discovered_by = tech_orc
discovered_by = tech_ogre
discovered_by = tech_draenei
discovered_by = tech_troll
discovered_by = tech_goblin
discovered_by = tech_tauren
discovered_by = tech_aqir
discovered_by = tech_demonic
discovered_by = tech_satyr
discovered_by = tech_naga
discovered_by = tech_depths
discovered_by = tech_old_god
discovered_by = tech_scourge
discovered_by = tech_dragonkin
discovered_by = tech_undead
discovered_by = tech_gnoll
discovered_by = tech_centaur
discovered_by = tech_furbolg
discovered_by = tech_wolfvar
discovered_by = tech_gorloc
discovered_by = tech_kobold
discovered_by = tech_harpy
discovered_by = tech_quillboar
discovered_by = tech_titan
discovered_by = tech_elemental
discovered_by = tech_worgen
discovered_by = tech_arrakoa
discovered_by = tech_tuskarr
discovered_by = tech_pandaren
discovered_by = tech_mantid
discovered_by = tech_mogu
discovered_by = tech_yaungol
discovered_by = tech_ethereal
discovered_by = tech_gnome

# Third War
617.1.1 = {
owner = A18
controller = A18
add_core = A18
remove_core = A12
religion = religion_arcane 
culture = culture_dalaran
}

# The Frozen Throne
618.1.1 = {
owner = A25
controller = A25
add_core = A25
religion = religion_church_of_the_light
}

# Rise of the Qiraji
622.1.1 = { 
owner = A18
controller = A18
religion = religion_arcane
}

# Cataclysm
631.1.1 = { 
owner = E14
controller = E14
add_core = E14
religion = religion_forgotten_shadow
culture = culture_forsaken
base_tax = 3
base_manpower = 3
base_production = 2
}
