# 2965 Guard of Alterac
is_city = yes

base_tax = 1
base_manpower = 1
base_production = 0

add_core = A17
owner = A17
controller = A17

culture = culture_alterac
religion = religion_church_of_the_light

hre = no
trade_goods = grain

discovered_by = tech_human
discovered_by = tech_darnassian
discovered_by = tech_thalassian
discovered_by = tech_vrykul
discovered_by = tech_orc
discovered_by = tech_ogre
discovered_by = tech_draenei
discovered_by = tech_troll
discovered_by = tech_goblin
discovered_by = tech_tauren
discovered_by = tech_aqir
discovered_by = tech_demonic
discovered_by = tech_satyr
discovered_by = tech_naga
discovered_by = tech_depths
discovered_by = tech_old_god
discovered_by = tech_scourge
discovered_by = tech_dragonkin
discovered_by = tech_undead
discovered_by = tech_gnoll
discovered_by = tech_centaur
discovered_by = tech_furbolg
discovered_by = tech_wolfvar
discovered_by = tech_gorloc
discovered_by = tech_kobold
discovered_by = tech_harpy
discovered_by = tech_quillboar
discovered_by = tech_titan
discovered_by = tech_elemental
discovered_by = tech_worgen
discovered_by = tech_arrakoa
discovered_by = tech_tuskarr
discovered_by = tech_pandaren
discovered_by = tech_mantid
discovered_by = tech_mogu
discovered_by = tech_yaungol
discovered_by = tech_ethereal
discovered_by = tech_gnome

# Beyond the Dark Portal
600.1.1 = { 
owner = A41
controller = A41
add_core = A41
add_core = A26
culture = culture_blackrock
religion = religion_fel
}

# The Frozen Throne
618.1.1 = { 
owner = E52 
controller = E52
add_core = E52
remove_core = A41
religion = religion_the_damned
culture = culture_scourge 
}

# Rise of the Qiraji
622.1.1 = { 
owner = E50
controller = E50
add_core = E50
remove_core = E52
culture = culture_crushridge
religion = religion_geomancy 
}
