# 536 Fallen Cliffs
is_city = yes

add_core = B13
owner = B13
controller = B13

base_tax = 2
base_manpower = 2
base_production = 2

culture = culture_mosshide
religion = religion_ancestral

hre = no
trade_goods = fish

discovered_by = tech_human
discovered_by = tech_darnassian
discovered_by = tech_thalassian
discovered_by = tech_vrykul
discovered_by = tech_orc
discovered_by = tech_ogre
discovered_by = tech_draenei
discovered_by = tech_troll
discovered_by = tech_goblin
discovered_by = tech_tauren
discovered_by = tech_aqir
discovered_by = tech_demonic
discovered_by = tech_satyr
discovered_by = tech_naga
discovered_by = tech_depths
discovered_by = tech_old_god
discovered_by = tech_scourge
discovered_by = tech_dragonkin
discovered_by = tech_undead
discovered_by = tech_gnoll
discovered_by = tech_centaur
discovered_by = tech_furbolg
discovered_by = tech_wolfvar
discovered_by = tech_gorloc
discovered_by = tech_kobold
discovered_by = tech_harpy
discovered_by = tech_quillboar
discovered_by = tech_titan
discovered_by = tech_elemental
discovered_by = tech_worgen
discovered_by = tech_arrakoa
discovered_by = tech_tuskarr
discovered_by = tech_pandaren
discovered_by = tech_mantid
discovered_by = tech_mogu
discovered_by = tech_yaungol
discovered_by = tech_ethereal
discovered_by = tech_gnome

# The Second War
598.1.1 = { 
owner = A40
controller = A40
add_core = A40
culture = culture_bleeding_hollow 
religion = religion_fel 
}

# Beyond the Dark Portal
600.1.1 = { 
owner = B13
controller = B13
remove_core = A40
culture = culture_mosshide
religion = religion_ancestral
}

# Cataclysm
631.1.1 = { 
owner = A30 
controller = A30
add_core = A30
culture = culture_dark_iron
religion = religion_ragnaros 
}
