# 672 The Forsaken Road
is_city = yes 
add_core = A12
owner = A12
controller = A12

base_tax = 2
base_manpower = 2
base_production = 2
 
culture = culture_gilnean
religion = religion_church_of_the_light
 
hre = no 
trade_goods = cloth

discovered_by = tech_human
discovered_by = tech_darnassian
discovered_by = tech_thalassian
discovered_by = tech_vrykul
discovered_by = tech_orc
discovered_by = tech_ogre
discovered_by = tech_draenei
discovered_by = tech_troll
discovered_by = tech_goblin
discovered_by = tech_tauren
discovered_by = tech_aqir
discovered_by = tech_demonic
discovered_by = tech_satyr
discovered_by = tech_naga
discovered_by = tech_depths
discovered_by = tech_old_god
discovered_by = tech_scourge
discovered_by = tech_dragonkin
discovered_by = tech_undead
discovered_by = tech_gnoll
discovered_by = tech_centaur
discovered_by = tech_furbolg
discovered_by = tech_wolfvar
discovered_by = tech_gorloc
discovered_by = tech_kobold
discovered_by = tech_harpy
discovered_by = tech_quillboar
discovered_by = tech_titan
discovered_by = tech_elemental
discovered_by = tech_worgen
discovered_by = tech_arrakoa
discovered_by = tech_tuskarr
discovered_by = tech_pandaren
discovered_by = tech_mantid
discovered_by = tech_mogu
discovered_by = tech_yaungol
discovered_by = tech_ethereal
discovered_by = tech_gnome

# The Third War
617.1.1 = {
add_core = A08
owner = A08
controller = A08
}

# The Frozen Throne
618.1.1 = { 
owner = E52 
controller = E52
add_core = E52
religion = religion_the_damned
culture = culture_scourge 
}


# Rise of the Qiraji
622.1.1 = { 
owner = A13
controller = A13
add_core = A13
remove_core = A08
remove_core = E52
culture = culture_gilnean_worgen
religion = religion_shadow 
}


# Cataclysm
631.1.1 = {  
owner = E14
controller = E14
add_core = E14
remove_core = A13 
culture = culture_forsaken
religion = religion_forgotten_shadow 
}
