# 703
is_city = yes
add_core = A09
controller = A09
owner = A09

base_tax = 3
base_manpower = 2
base_production = 3

culture = culture_lordaeron
religion = religion_church_of_the_light
 
hre = no 
trade_goods = grain


discovered_by = tech_human
discovered_by = tech_darnassian
discovered_by = tech_thalassian
discovered_by = tech_vrykul
discovered_by = tech_orc
discovered_by = tech_ogre
discovered_by = tech_draenei
discovered_by = tech_troll
discovered_by = tech_goblin
discovered_by = tech_tauren
discovered_by = tech_aqir
discovered_by = tech_demonic
discovered_by = tech_satyr
discovered_by = tech_naga
discovered_by = tech_depths
discovered_by = tech_old_god
discovered_by = tech_scourge
discovered_by = tech_dragonkin
discovered_by = tech_undead
discovered_by = tech_gnoll
discovered_by = tech_centaur
discovered_by = tech_furbolg
discovered_by = tech_wolfvar
discovered_by = tech_gorloc
discovered_by = tech_kobold
discovered_by = tech_harpy
discovered_by = tech_quillboar
discovered_by = tech_titan
discovered_by = tech_elemental
discovered_by = tech_worgen
discovered_by = tech_arrakoa
discovered_by = tech_tuskarr
discovered_by = tech_pandaren
discovered_by = tech_mantid
discovered_by = tech_mogu
discovered_by = tech_yaungol
discovered_by = tech_ethereal
discovered_by = tech_gnome

617.1.1 = { add_core = E52
controller = E52
owner = E52
culture = culture_scourge
religion = religion_the_damned }

618.1.1 = { add_core = F15
remove_core = E52
controller = F15
owner = F15
religion = religion_fel}

622.1.1 = { add_core = E52
remove_core = F15
remove_core = A08
controller = E52
owner = E52
religion = religion_the_damned}

631.1.1 = { add_core = A02
remove_core = E52
controller = A02
owner = A02
culture = culture_azerothian
religion = religion_church_of_the_light }

632.1.1 = { remove_core = A02
controller = XXX
owner = XXX
religion = religion_forgotten_shadow 
culture = culture_forsaken}
