# 903  The Darkened Bank
is_city = yes
add_core = A03
owner = A03
controller = A03

base_tax = 2
base_manpower = 2
base_production = 2


culture = culture_azerothian
religion = religion_church_of_the_light

hre = no
trade_goods = fish
discovered_by = tech_human
discovered_by = tech_darnassian
discovered_by = tech_thalassian
discovered_by = tech_vrykul
discovered_by = tech_orc
discovered_by = tech_ogre
discovered_by = tech_draenei
discovered_by = tech_troll
discovered_by = tech_goblin
discovered_by = tech_tauren
discovered_by = tech_aqir
discovered_by = tech_demonic
discovered_by = tech_satyr
discovered_by = tech_naga
discovered_by = tech_depths
discovered_by = tech_old_god
discovered_by = tech_scourge
discovered_by = tech_dragonkin
discovered_by = tech_undead
discovered_by = tech_gnoll
discovered_by = tech_centaur
discovered_by = tech_furbolg
discovered_by = tech_wolfvar
discovered_by = tech_gorloc
discovered_by = tech_kobold
discovered_by = tech_harpy
discovered_by = tech_quillboar
discovered_by = tech_titan
discovered_by = tech_elemental
discovered_by = tech_worgen
discovered_by = tech_arrakoa
discovered_by = tech_tuskarr
discovered_by = tech_pandaren
discovered_by = tech_mantid
discovered_by = tech_mogu
discovered_by = tech_yaungol
discovered_by = tech_ethereal
discovered_by = tech_gnome

597.1.1 = { 
owner = A40
controller = A40
add_core = A40
culture = culture_bleeding_hollow
religion = religion_fel 
}

600.1.1 = {
owner = XXX
controller = XXX
culture = culture_azerothian
religion = religion_church_of_the_light 
remove_core = A40
}

621.11.11 = { 
owner = XXX
controller = XXX
}

622.1.1 = { 
owner = E14
controller = E14
add_core = E14
culture = culture_forsaken
religion = religion_forgotten_shadow 
}

631.1.1 = { 
owner = XXX
controller = XXX
remove_core = E14
culture = culture_azerothian
religion = religion_shadow 
}





