# 944
is_city = yes
add_core = A90
controller = A90
owner = A90

base_tax = 3
base_manpower = 3
base_production = 3


culture = culture_high_elf
religion = religion_church_of_the_light

hre = no
trade_goods = army_supplies

discovered_by = tech_human
discovered_by = tech_darnassian
discovered_by = tech_thalassian
discovered_by = tech_vrykul
discovered_by = tech_orc
discovered_by = tech_ogre
discovered_by = tech_draenei
discovered_by = tech_troll
discovered_by = tech_goblin
discovered_by = tech_tauren
discovered_by = tech_aqir
discovered_by = tech_demonic
discovered_by = tech_satyr
discovered_by = tech_naga
discovered_by = tech_depths
discovered_by = tech_old_god
discovered_by = tech_scourge
discovered_by = tech_dragonkin
discovered_by = tech_undead
discovered_by = tech_gnoll
discovered_by = tech_centaur
discovered_by = tech_furbolg
discovered_by = tech_wolfvar
discovered_by = tech_gorloc
discovered_by = tech_kobold
discovered_by = tech_harpy
discovered_by = tech_quillboar
discovered_by = tech_titan
discovered_by = tech_elemental
discovered_by = tech_worgen
discovered_by = tech_arrakoa
discovered_by = tech_tuskarr
discovered_by = tech_pandaren
discovered_by = tech_mantid
discovered_by = tech_mogu
discovered_by = tech_yaungol
discovered_by = tech_ethereal
discovered_by = tech_gnome

618.1.1 = {
owner = xxx
controller = xxx
culture = culture_ghost
remove_core = A90
}

621.11.11 = {
owner = xxx
controller = xxx
}

622.1.1 = { 
owner = A91
controller = A91
add_core = A91
culture = culture_blood_elf
religion = religion_arcane
}

627.1.1 = { 
religion = religion_light_of_the_sunwell
}

